Editorial review: Document remaining Wasm SIMD instructions (#43800)
mdn/content: files/en-us/webassembly/reference/simd/arithmetic/q15mulr_sat_s/index.md

---
title: "q15mulr_sat_s: Wasm SIMD arithmetic instruction"
short-title: q15mulr_sat_s
slug: WebAssembly/Reference/SIMD/arithmetic/q15mulr_sat_s
page-type: webassembly-instruction
browser-compat: webassembly.simd.q15mulr_sat_s
sidebar: webassemblysidebar
---

> The **`q15mulr_sat_s`** [SIMD arithmetic instruction](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Reference/SIMD/arithmetic) performs a lane-wise [saturating](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saturation_arithmetic) rounding multiplication in Q15 format on two signed [`v128`](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Reference/Types/v128) `i16x8` value interpretations, outputting a single `i16x8` value interpretation.

Reviewer: Consider adding simiilar summary of what saturating means here - as I did for the addition suggestion

Author: done

{{InteractiveExample("Wat Demo: q15mulr_sat_s", "tabbed-taller")}}

```wat interactive-example
(module
  (import "console" "log" (func $log (param i32)))
  (func $main
    v128.const i16x8 16384 32767 8192 -32768 16384 16384 0 -16384
    v128.const i16x8 16384 16384 16384  32767 -16384 16384 99  16384

    i16x8.q15mulr_sat_s
    i16x8.extract_lane_s 7
    call $log
  )
  (start $main)
)
```

```js interactive-example
WebAssembly.instantiateStreaming(fetch("{%wasm-url%}"), { console });
```

> The `q15mulr_sat_s` instruction performs a fixed-point multiplication on 8 pairs of 16-bit signed integers simultaneously, using Q15 format with rounding and saturation. Such operations are common in audio processing and machine learning, for example FIR/IIR audio filters and neural network inference.

Reviewer: I think you are saying this:

```suggestion
The `q15mulr_sat_s` instruction performs a fixed-point multiplication on 8 pairs of Q15-encoded 16-bit signed integers, simultaneously, with rounding and saturation. Such operations are common in audio processing and machine learning, for example FIR/IIR audio filters and neural network inference.
```

Reviewer: A wikipedia link might be nice, though the descripition below means it isn't essential

Author: I've updated the text to use your suggestion.

I'm not adding a Wikipedia link in this case, as there isn't a particularly obvious one to point to.
